Improve communication around `tctl auth sign --format cockroachdb ...` (#65237)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/database-access/enrollment/self-hosted/cockroachdb-self-hosted.mdx

(!docs/pages/includes/database-access/tctl-auth-sign.mdx!)

Next, generate secrets for a CockroachDB node using `tctl`. Note that the

> output directory (i.e. the value of `--out`) must already be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output directory (i.e. the value of `--out`) must already exist.
```
